Create 2025-07-31.md (#288)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/verification/veteran-confirmation/release-notes/2025-07-31.md

We have updated our OAS documentation to improve clarity and ensure expected behavior is easier to understand. 

- "Numbers" has been removed from list of allowed characters for Name field
- First character must be an alpha/letter character (upper or lowercase)

> - Consecutive special characters are not supported. (i.e, forward slash /,   back slash \,    hyphen -,   single quote/apostrophe  ' )

Author: They cant be added back to back, even if different.

> - Diacritical characters (i.e.,  ä: umlaught; é: accent) are not currently supported and will generate an error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Diacritical characters—letters with added marks such as accents (é) or umlauts (ä) that change pronunciation or meaning—are not currently supported and will generate an error. 
```

> For more details, please refer to the [API documentation](https://developer.va.gov/explore/api/veteran-confirmation/docs?version=current)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, review the [API documentation](https://developer.va.gov/explore/api/veteran-confirmation/docs?version=current)
```
